Hey there, Lorena with Ringba's team here
I understand you need two new Toll Free numbers in your account for a Campaign.
I've created ticket 37204. My team will add the two toll-free numbers you requested and let you know as soon as they are in your account via email.
Unfortunately, we're not allowed to create campaigns in our clients' accounts. We can help give you some guidance, and if you have any doubts, you can always send us a message here in the Live chat system 

We'd recommend you check our article on how to create a Campaign and add the targets in your Routing plan. Please check our articles and let us know if you need any further assistance!
https://support.ringba.com/hc/en-us/articles/27489732350999-Getting-Started-with-Ringba
i can prob help here on creating
what DID do we need to point calls to
3464497767  This is for the top right corenr
DID to send calls to your dialer
we gotta set that up as a target
i see a final expense target setup in there
9185254531 This one is for connect me
but not U65
FE target is old we dont need it
or do we have a availability ping?
For the dialer?
yeah i dont know too much about ringba backend setups, but i know how to setup part of the frontend
We dont need an availability ping. These calls will be on priority
ok
HOO & states?
Eugene Laychenko (cuz In Law)  See if those instructions are of any help. If not Ill get someone on the phone to walk us though it/
@goins0410 HOO?
hours of operation
9:30am-6:30pm
@goins0410 Getting state list from goggle now.
Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Hawaii, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, West Virginia, Wisconsin, Wyoming, Washington D.C.
do we want to set a payout/buffer?
on the calls
No
ok
these states above are the only states you can take calls from?
Thats the only states we are google approved from. We can tae calls from most states. Ill send you the mis now
ok if you can take all 50 ill leave the lines open
these are all states that we can sell in
on state filtering
Eugene 

https://support.ringba.com/hc/en-us/articles/28333321450263-RedTrack

this is the setup we need to do, ignore the redtrack thats a another tracker like clickflare, so its the same style setup but we need to setup for clickflare, 

ive already created the number pool and campaign in ringba