# misha

**Meeting Date:** 13th May, 2026 - 10:39 AM

---

**Eugene Leychenko** *[00:00]*: Here. Misha. Is it this thing? 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[00:05]*: Yes. Yes, that's it. I don't know why it wasn't popping up on mine. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[00:09]*: Yeah, probably because of cookies directly with the license agent. Okay, so this. This pop up on getmehealth insurance.org. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[00:20]*: Yeah. So usually it's. It's on the thank you page. This thing pops up. That's the connect streams thing, Right. That's their banner. These people have it on the front page. So we would probably, you know, if you can, we would like to emulate it to have it on the front end the way these people have it and also have it on the back end as well. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[00:48]*: Okay, so let's quickly go through your website. So I'm going to go to. Here, let me start sharing my entire window. Okay. If you could remind me the URL shop have. Yep, that's right. Thank you. So we have shop health rates. I'm gonna put in. So you want it to appear here as soon as they get on the site or. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[01:15]*: Yeah. And like. And like the way that they have it in like 10 seconds or so. If you can't do it's fine. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[01:20]*: No, you. You can. You can do that. Yeah, it's not a problem at all. You can also do other stuff. That's clever. There's this concept I believe we can do. Let me ask Rock. Library that measures exit intent. So basically the idea here is it sees how quickly your mouse moves away. Like let's say it looks like your mouse is about to like change. Change the. The tabs. It like that's an example of an exit intent. Yeah. So that's other ideas that you can do if that makes sense. Not just time, but also like based on how the mouse is moving. Yeah. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[02:12]*: Yeah. Maybe that's what that thing does actually. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[02:14]*: Yeah. I mean, maybe. Can we see that? Probably. We'll see. All right, so I'm gonna drop off my. My zip code Doc. But I am under. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[02:26]*: Under. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[02:27]*: Oh, under. Yes, I am under U65. Let's go on it. The telecopters are a. Okay. Oh, I have to like say this, right? 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[02:52]*: Yeah. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[02:53]*: I can also make it like have a comma if you want. Yeah, I'm not thinking. Okay. Yeah, that. That's really your. By excluding non binary people. Yeah. Not good. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[03:11]*: It's health insurance. The. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[03:15]*: Yeah, we can do this later to 9. 1955. Okay. This is what you want. So right now you're pulling in first and last. Do you want to add more fields? 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[03:30]*: No, there are more fields. Start putting. They appear later. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[03:34]*: Which Is actually very smart. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[03:37]*: That's what it's. Yeah,. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[03:41]*: Yeah. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[03:49]*: And then for the address, are we able to add the autocomplete? Yeah,. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[03:58]*: I'll steal it from what we had in. On your site. Yeah. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[04:06]*: And then usually. Well, we're going to change this because we're not reselling this. Looks like you know we've matched you with it with LeoSource. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[04:14]*: Yep. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[04:15]*: But you didn't match with LEO Source. They're already on LeoSource site. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[04:19]*: So. Yep. Yep. So you'll want to check the page. So this is for you because before he has. Thank you. Was it upscore v2. HTML? Oh dash v2. Yeah. Used to look like this. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[04:42]*: Let me see what Go up a little bit. Yeah, yeah, we gotta. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[04:50]*: So we got. Hold on. What's the difference? It's just the thing at the bottom. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[04:54]*: The phone. With the phone. Yeah, I like the one with the phone. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[04:57]*: Okay. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[04:58]*: I would probably just remove like put the phone in the middle. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[05:04]*: You know what I mean? Like. Like this. Can you see that? No, you probably can't see that. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[05:10]*: Whatever. I'll send you example. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[05:12]*: Okay. Do it on the fly. Okay, so a few things. One is you want all that information being pushed into. And then two is you want that. Let me check my notes that connect streams pop up, right? Yeah, yeah. And you sent me the log into the connect streams and I'll have to figure out how to get that going. Yep. Otherwise. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[06:00]*: Okay. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[06:01]*: No, yeah. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[06:03]*: And then bring what he said he'll do and then somehow. And then somehow I know it's doable. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[06:21]*: Yeah. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[06:22]*: So there's also. I mean he also said he can do it. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[06:27]*: So hold on, let me just check something real quick where to focus it. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[06:37]*: Click flare. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[06:39]*: Yeah, Let me open. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[06:43]*: So I'm gonna sign up for this. I'm gonna sign up for this. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[06:56]*: Let me look. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[06:59]*: It just tracks. Okay. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[07:08]*: To get your. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[07:09]*: Yeah. And then we have to set up like a web hook from a dialer convoso. When they disposition sale it goes into Bobadoo, it reports it and then bobberdoo reports it back to clickfaire. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[07:28]*: So. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[07:28]*: And then clickfair reports it back to. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[07:33]*: Google. Why do you need. What. What's the missing step? Why can't it go straight from Bob or do to Google? 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[07:49]*: I don't know. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[07:51]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[07:52]*: I mean I. I think we would maybe. I think we would need to jump on the phone with Josh one of these days. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[08:03]*: Who's Josh? 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[08:05]*: So Josh isn't the guy that's doing our ads AdWords campaign. He's like connecting me with all these people. And listen, he did good so far. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[08:17]*: So he's. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[08:21]*: He's. He works in the lead gen industry. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[08:24]*: Like that's why he. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[08:25]*: He scales companies based on these gen. So I'm thinking I'm gonna just sign up for the master one because it means. Because we have API access. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[08:42]*: Maybe this one. I don't know. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[08:48]*: I'll ask too much. One. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[08:54]*: I don't think we need. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[09:09]*: Oh, and then. And then the last one is. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[09:22]*: Last one was this. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[09:28]*: So is this a consent? 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[09:31]*: I don't know. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[09:32]*: I never. I never. It's called a trusted form. We can do this like later all the way. We can even do this right afterwards. So let's not hook around. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[09:50]*: Yeah, yeah, I'm trying to get Bobber do you Barbados. Yeah, I'm trying to do that right now. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[09:56]*: So Bobberdoo and Connect Streams. We can't get started with Barbado without Barber doing Connect Streams. We can get started with Active Prospect. I mean Active Prospect. We don't need it right off the rip. We're going to need it when the site gets a lot of visitors. Yeah, this will post conversion and he said the Clickflare will post conversions back to Google. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[10:35]*: Yeah, yeah. I'm getting the thing set up and then it's going to be tested. I will call in 10 minutes but I'll try to get the. So the click. So again, you want it to appear well on the first and last page, right? 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[10:55]*: Preferably, yeah. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[10:57]*: Okay. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[10:58]*: I guess on like the exit behavior. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[11:04]*: Right. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[11:08]*: Definitely the last page. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[11:09]*: Definitely the last page. Definitely last page. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[11:12]*: Okay, let me see if I have. I think I have emails from them. With late. Oh, here we go. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[11:33]*: Connect Streams. Instruction. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[11:52]*: It. I gotta drive sofa home. All right. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[12:27]*: Yeah. Let me see how this test is going. Tobacco. Here we go. Okay, nice. It's going to be filling it out. Sweet on the meantime. Now. That's a good question. Let me ask AI you can see the submissions? 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[12:57]*: Not yet. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[12:58]*: Oh, yeah. I mean you can see them meaning like you have the ability to see them once they're submitted. Correct. In Barber Duke. Okay. Okay. Do. Let's. Okay. I am trying to return network error, please. Oh, I think course blocking the. Oh, of course. Okay. I have to like deploy it. Oh, All right. I'll. What I'll do is I will. I'll be able to probably. Will I be able to see? No, I won't be able to see because I don't have access to Operdoo. I'll. I'll Ping you when I think my submission would go through and you'll let me know. Do you have it on your phone or that's. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[15:14]*: No, I don't have it on my phone. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[15:17]*: Okay, not a problem. Yeah, you just. You'll just let me know. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[15:19]*: I think I can get you an account. Hold on, I'll get. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[15:22]*: I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't think so. I don't think I need it. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[15:25]*: Okay, I got you. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[15:27]*: I just. It's gonna be a very simple yes. No if it's going through. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[15:31]*: I gotcha. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[15:34]*: Let's see under here. Let me quickly fill it out. Doc, doc, doc. Attack. Oh my gosh. Okay, okay. Tread email. 12, 12, 19, 19. No, I don't. Oh my. Okay, moment of truth. Okay, take a look. I have this like some crazy svelte Lana person. Totally not named after my mother in law. Negative. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[16:42]*: Did you get a response? 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[16:44]*: I did, I got a. Congratulations. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[16:47]*: Did you hit one on a test? Make sure it's not a test lead? I can't see test leads. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[16:55]*: No, I don't. I don't think I have a test. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[16:59]*: Did you put in the phone number? 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[17:01]*: I did. I don't remember what it was. So the lead number is 172-1717-123172-17123. Yes. 172-17123. Oh, you're right. It is a test lead. I didn't. Yeah, okay, got it. Let's. Options trader. Good. Positions trader is injured. Oh yeah, right. I forgot about that. Did I? Unless. It. I gotta jump, but I'm gonna try to push this and then I'll let you know. I'll try to make another submission. All right. All right, I'll see you. 
**Mikhail Andreyev** *[19:48]*: Thank you so much. 
**Eugene Leychenko** *[19:49]*: Appreciate. 
